# Board meeting 2024-05-16

## Call to order

The meeting began at 15:02 UTC as
soon as a sufficient attendance to constitute a
quorum is recognized by the chair.

The meeting will be held via teleconference, hosted by the Secretary
via Google Meet:

https://meet.google.com/oez-kstb-nok?authuser=0

## Roll call

Members and maintainers and welcome to attend.
Please announce your presence in the call and add your
name under "guests" below

- Christina Gianelloni (Chair)
- Damien Czapla (Secretary)
- Dan Gonzalez
- Federico Weill
- Sebastian Bode
- Christian Grobmeier
- Kaj Nussbaumer


Guests:

- none

## Agenda

1. Questions regarding the signature of the official board documentation 
	> Do we need an actual signature for the Minutes of Meetings & decision making regarding board activity ? 
		Signature (under Swiss law) means physical
		Decision making will be recorded as a result and the signature will be out of the outcome
      >> Action : Feedback from Probst partners on 30.05 for the official board meeting

   > In which context would we need a circle of resolution? (i.e. New Pragma member acceptation; New Project included under Pragma)
      >> Action : Board policy to be specified with what requires a board resolution

2. Questions regarding what constitutes an actual board meeting :
	> How do we formalise the way we meet ? What constitutes an actual board meeting ?
    >> Action : Board policy to be specified with the official board meetings and the activities of the board between official meetings

3. Question regarding how the decision making is made overall for the board
   > Internal decision : Requires consensus of 5 people <br>
   > External deicision : Doing things on behalf of the association (2 people signing is enough for any third party) acting under an internal decision made

4. Question regarding how the board manages the validation of proposals made
	> Circle of resolution : (On-Chain) agrees with the proposal <br> Circle of resolution : Official board meeting
   >> Feedback from Probst partners to be discussed on what can be considered to validate decision making on proposals

5. Question regarding budget and finances management
	> The general assembly decides on a budget that is applicable to Pragma <br> If the expense is included in the budget forecast : 2 people from the board with eBanking access can sign and go through with the transaction <br> If the expense is not included in the budget forecast : circle of resolution has to be done before engaging any expense
    >> Action : Board policy to be specified with the information above regarding finance activities

6. Discussions regarding information storage and documentation
	> Official documentation should be available in 100 years (we should have a double source for this) <br> Corporate housekeeping (Probst Partner) can provide an environment for storing a backup of all the files that are official deliverables <br> For now, ok with Gitbub, but a backup needs to be provided for public documentation i.e software releases, official MoM

7. Agenda review for next official board meeting on the 30th of May (https://github.com/orgs/pragma-org/projects/2/views/1)
	> Item Added : Pragma bank account setup <br> Item modified : Maintainer Committee - Ground rules (postponed to the next official meeting) <br> Rest of the agenda items : Reviewed and ready to be included in the next meeting
  
## Project reports

None.

## Other discussion items.

None.

## Action items.

Action : Feedback from Probst partners on 30.05 for the official board meeting <br>
Action : Board policy to be specified with "what requires a board resolution"; the official board meetings and the activities of the board between official meetings; the information regarding finance activities rules

## Unfinished business.

None.

## Adjournment

Adjourned at 15:58 UTC.
