# Board meeting 2024-05-03

## Call to order

The meeting is scheduled for 15:00 UTC and will begin as
soon thereafter that a sufficient attendance to constitute a
quorum is recognized by the chair.

The meeting will be held via teleconference, hosted by the Secretary
via Google Meet:

https://meet.google.com/oez-kstb-nok

## Roll call

Members and maintainers and welcome to attend.
Please announce your presence in the call and add your
name under "guests" below

- Christina (Chair)
- Damien Czapla (Secretary)
- Dan
- Federico
- Sebastian Bode
- Christian Grobmeier

Guests:

- none

## Agenda

1. How often do we meet? 

  > Quarterly meetings (Board decision making -official)
  > Monthly meeting : formal review of proposals and open items
  > Asynchronous reviews of documents/open points
  
2. How do we manage the open items / the inflow of information we expect to settle?

  > List of open items as input for the "open items board"
  > Use the Kanban board view to materilize the discussions (one for the official board agenda/decisions and one for the open item list status)

3. How do we manage the deliverables

  > Proposal file (deliverable) - to be stored on Github
  > Reviewed during the monthly meeting
  > To be decided by the board meeting if it's receivable or not
  > Then to be communicated (Public on Github, Website article...)
  > ex: "How to do a release" "What to include in the documentation of a release" 

4. Should we prepare a template for board reports? What should be in it? Where to store board reports?

  > Process for board meeting (Agenda sent in advance > Roll call; Review of the reports 
  > Proposal to be reviewed for meetings rules & open items lists reviews / progress report 
  
5. Do we need a code of conduct?

  > Yes
  > Proposal to formalise the rules and the recommendations
  > What does "open source" means as responsibilities // what is the "PRAGMA WAY"
 
6. Who is monitoring/maintaining the treasury, should we designate a person from the board with it?

  > Volunteer : Damien
  > Toolings / documents / procedures regarding money management (overseeing the activities regarding finances)
  
7. Establish communication channel that can have a long term archived (email list, archival of discord chats etc.)

  > Archival of proposals is a must (initial state, evolutions)
  > Conversations should be done in Discord for now

8. Establish contact list of board members

  > Email / Phone Number / Discord Handle
  > To be done by Damien 
  
9. Should we maintain a blog for news around our projects? / When should we start focusing on Marketing ?

  > Q3 2024 with Amaru demos & Feedback to be public
  > Pragma structure to be formalised in articles > Board + Routines + Pragma Way + Rules for maintainers...
  > Twitter communication with Board approuval (one password, one account)
  > Website articles to be managed with Board approuval (one passoword, one account)
  > Any account directly linked to Pragma to be shared among board members 
  
## Project reports

None.

## Other discussion items.

None.

## Action items.

None.

## Unfinished business.

None.

## Adjournment

Scheduled to adjourn by 16:00 UTC.
