---
Name: Validity Review 10
Date: Monday, 21 July 2025
Time: 14:00 UTC
Location: Online (videocall)

---

## Present

| Christina Gianelloni <br/> [@musik-c][] | Marek Mahut <br/> [@mmahut][] |  Federico Weill <br/> [@federicoweill][] | Sebastian Bode <br/> [@cleanerm5][]   |
| ---                               | ---                                          | ---  | ---

[@musik-c]: https://github.com/musik-c
[@federicoweill]: https://github.com/federicoweill
[@gonzalaga]: https://github.com/gonzalaga
[@cleanerm5]: https://github.com/cleanerm5
[@mmahut]: https://github.com/mmahut

Not present:
> Daniel Gonzalez [@gonzalaga][]

## Agenda

- PRAGMA board meetings: Confirm next months scheduled Board meeting
- PRAGMA as an Administrator: proposed vote to move to parking lot
- Oversight Committee: update and propose to vote to formally close
- PRAGMA Financials: update
- PRINS Trademark Mgmt and Strategy watching services - review proposal, potential to vote
- Probst Partner update/review financials and time overages
- PRAGMA Administrative board: vote for Secrectary

## Meeting notes

- PRAGMA board meetings: Confirmed next months scheduled Board meeting, August 11th.
- PRAGMA as an Administrator: proposed vote to move to parking lot. Per Statutes and Law, PRAGMA is not setup to have billable clients nor does it have enough funds to cover the costs associated with running such administrative tasks. Vote to close this task.
> Vote Yes: 4 [@mmahut][] [@federicoweill][] [@cleanerm5][] [@musik-c][]  
> Vote No: 0
- Oversight Committee: update and propose to vote to formally close. Christina previously shared the Intersect document outlining the expectations of the Oversight Committee. It was pointed out such participation would be an overlap for PRAGMA members Cardano Foundation and Sundae Labs, entities that are on the Oversight Committee. There was discussion about the uncertainity of the workload and the lack of man hours currently available amoung the Board. Vote whether PRAGMA should participate as a member of the Oversight Committee.
> Vote Yes: 0 <br>
> Vote No: 4  [@mmahut][] [@federicoweill][] [@cleanerm5][] [@musik-c][]
- PRAGMA Financials: update. Christina shared that during a meeting with Kaj, he attempted to guide her on removing Christian from the bank account. Discovering she lacked access, Kaj confirmed he still had access and was able to remove Christian. It was discussed that a vendor currently has administrative access to the PRAGMA bank account. However this is necessary as a Swiss resident is required to be an authorized signatory unless PRAGMA had another member option.
- PRINS Trademark Mgmt and Strategy watching services. Christina shared the email from PRINS advising that now that PRAGMA has registered trademarks for PRAGMA, Aiken and Amaru that the recommendation is to subscribe to their watching service. The trademarks watched are entered in an AI detection tool which sends results whereas they report the riskiest with advice as to the next steps. The logic of needing to watch for trademark filings was discussed, generally that the last registration often wins so immediate objections are required to defend the trademark. The annual cost per mark (in 3 classes) will be CHF 1'900 and is an unbudgeted expense. Consideration given to the impact of not taking member dues this year. Further discussion on the offer from Sundae Labs and DC Spark to pay member dues this year. This would be required to proceed with this new annual expense.
- Probst Partner update. Discussed Kaj's update sent via email as part of the agenda to include how the retainer was used by work that was not in the original scope of the retainer, such as opening of the bank account which was very cumbersome etc. The Board would like to see monthly timesheets going forward to ensure awareness of usage and remaining. Kaj suggested a review of all decisions taken thus far, ensuring their validity in documentation, referred to as a clean up and providing a checklist and flowchart for the Board to follow in the future. This would cost CHF 4’400. The Board requested a peer review from CF Legal as to whether this would be a wise use of the limited funds available.
> Sebastian will inquire at CF
- PRAGMA Administrative board: vote for Secrectary. In light of Kaj's update on the current remaining retainer, supporting the Board as Secretary would be an addtional 3 hours each month and ensuring the decisions so far are duly documented for the remainder of the year would have fee of CHF 7'200. It was discussed that the Secretary role was an unbudgeted role and alternatively a member from the community willing to donate their time with this understanding was another option. Christina nominated Beatrice Anihiri, a community member in good standing who is passionate about goveranance.
> Vote to pay Probst Partner for the Secretary role:<br>
> Vote Yes: 0 <br>
> Vote No: 4 [@mmahut][] [@federicoweill][] [@cleanerm5][] [@musik-c][]

> Vote to approve Beatrice Anihiri for Secretary:<br>
> Vote Yes: 4 [@mmahut][] [@federicoweill][] [@cleanerm5][] [@musik-c][]  
> Vote No: 0
  
## Follow up notes 

The meeting ended at 14:45 UTC and the following items will be kept for the next meeting's agenda:
- PRINS Trademark Mgmt and Strategy watching services
- Probst Partner quote for "clean up"
